Add URL.joinpath(*elements, encoding=False) to build a URL with multiple new path elements (#704)
aio-libs/yarl: docs/api.rst

      >>> url
      URL('http://example.com/path/%D1%81%D1%8E%D0%B4%D0%B0')

.. method:: URL.joinpath(*other, encoded=False)

   Construct a new URL by with all ``other`` elements appended to
   *path*, and cleaned up *query* and *fragment* parts.

>    Passing ``encoded=True`` parameter prevents path element auto-encoding, user is

Reviewer: maybe?
```suggestion
   Passing ``encoded=True`` parameter prevents path element auto-encoding, the user is
```

Reviewer: or even?
```suggestion
   Passing ``encoded=True`` parameter prevents path element auto-encoding, the caller is
```
